Target Circle Shopping App

Haley Martin, February 23, 2020

The goal of this app is to allow frequent shoppers the access to exclusive discounts and coupons. Shoppers are also able to browse items and shop from the convenience of the app. Upon downloading, it asks for your phone number to sign up for an account. Once signed in, it takes you through a brief overview of the app where it demonstrates key featutes and how to effeciently use the app. These key features are shown on the bottom navigation bar and include the tabs: discover, my store, wallet, cart, and profile. In the discover section, users are able to browse current target deals as well as search for items. The 'My Store' tab allows shoppers to search items at their local Target store, as well as view items they have previously purchased at their store and the option to "buy again"/"add to cart". The wallet section is where a shoppers can find current deals for quick and easy access. The cart tab shows what items you currently have in your cart and displays "your favorites", or items that are frequently purchased. Lastly, a users profile shows a summary of lifetime savings, the option to track your purchases, as well as the ability to change your store location. 

Now that you have an idea of the features offered on the Target Circle app, let's dive into its usability. Upon downloading, I immediately identified that the interface was very visually pleasing, thus helping to make it satisfying to use. With the help of easy to identify icons, I was able to successfully navigate through the tabs to find what I was looking for. My goal was to locate a certain product in my store and find out if it was currently available, as well as where I could find it at in the store. This was made possible through locating the 'My Store' tab. Once on the page, I located and clicked on the search bar at the top of the interface and typed in the item I was looking for. To my benefit, Target currently had the item available. I decided to add it to my cart and requested the in store pick up optoin. I proceed to drive the five minutes to Target, located guest services at the front of the store and was able to pick up and pay my item right there without aimlessly walking around. This process made shopping easy and effecient. I was able to not only save money (by using my current deals) but also save on time. I feel as though I am constantly on the run, so when ever I have the opportunity to shop for my items in advance through the convenience of my phone, it saves me time. I would have to say that I was satisfied with the outcome of this app and will definitely be using it more in the future. Due to the simple layout and display, I found the intereface to be memorable. The 'how it works' guide displayed after signing up serves as a very useful technique that promotes learnability. All in all, I believe that the incorporation of the Target Circle App to a user's shopping experience encourages a positive shopping experience and helps build a strong relationship between customers and the Target brand. 
